hello guys and welcome today I want to
show you two really simple glitches I
think in battlefield 4 the both of them
are on siege of Shanghai and they
probably take a matter of seconds to do
so what you want to is you're to spawn
on the US deployment of it any time now
I this is this is pre-recorded gameplay
because I made I made one before
commentary in game but the commentary
didn't save or and also wasn't really
audible so I have to do this at the top
so make your way around to the B flag on
the US side just if you're on the US
team is a lot easier these sports
include going under the map the second
one's a lot easy in the first one first
one and is immediately take me a couple
of tries to flee so you want to make
your way obviously yes to get the B area
first but you'll see a glass dome before
you're not talking about the underground
section B when I go over there so I want
to show you these for a while but never
really go around to doing it they're
pretty easy glitches so you want to make
your way down into this store wait how
does the shutters available this the bit
of took me a while so you're going to
the car bit dodgy but you want to lie
underneath the center of this shutter
thing and you'll slowly be pushed
underneath the mat that was a bit
glitchy dunno why things feel alike but
now you could complete the first glitch
really just sort of stick underneath the
wrap there is certain locations where
you can see through I did try and find
it it's somewhere by the boxes area
where you can shoot on the native up
onto the stairs but if you're someone
who wanted to glitch more probably
wouldn't recommend it because you can
get kicked and banned and someone may
report you to dice or someone
so yeah this clips back end so let's get
on to the second glitch them so you want
to spawn on the China side Chinese side
and run down to the second building not
the first one on two at the right one
words shut my RPG you want to go down to
that Street and you'll see a car with a
couple of sandbags and that's exactly
glitched I don't know how this hasn't
been patched yet this is like the second
time of doing this glitch first time I
will just dump out at how they haven't
actually patched this basically a gap in
the world just a spacious and open
spacing is by the flag either it's
pretty easy to spawn on me okay see it's
just a corner of the road fall through
may effort by is the glitch basically
you you can if saw standing ahead you
can back through c4 on two cars or shoot
your web something but you can see Paula
Rhodes and blow them up which is pretty
handy and that's the back and lift up so
hopefully I'll see you on the next video
then but until then have a good one
and use these glitches before they get
patched really so see ya